[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: Even with WebPack, this
is what our dependency tree looks like.
It's just a bunch of random files
that may or may not be dependent,
it's just script tags, right?
We just are saying, okay, we replaced
our bootstrap JS with this bundle JS,
it's really not getting us anything
from a dependency perspective.
So this next module is about
making those dependencies
a little bit more tied together.
So the exercise was this and
we're gonna skip it because like I said,
this one was a little bit more
monkey work set of things.
But yeah, so here inside of our app,
we identified all of the modules that this
app requires, this app module itself.
And so, all of these modules attack
something onto the app global, right?
So that's even, this app module itself
attacks on load, to the app global.
And so what we're trying to do
is pull away from global's and
well, eventually,
we'll pull away from global.
You'll notice that we're still
putting stuff on the global, but
at least where requiring
the specific files that we need and
one thing that like is,
like quite possibly happening in your
apps right now with Gulper Grant,
is you have files in there that you're
concatenating with your whole app but
are actually used by anything.
That's something that can't happen with
WebPack because you have to explicitly
require it.
And if you have LinkedIn set up in place,
then it will help you like know when
you're not actually using anything
from that, which is fantastic.
And so, yeah, the goal of this one was to
remove the immediately invoked function
expressions because we
don't need those anymore.
Remember those are like inside of like
these are inside of a closure already, and
then also to add require statements for
anywhere that actually requires anything.
So any questions about that, like even
though we're skipping past this one,
I do wanna open it up for
questions if anybody has any.
I should probably talk about what this is,
but okay, yeah.
So, let me just demonstrate for
you really quick
why that path info is useful because
that is very specific to WebPack.
So if I don't have the path info like
we did before, I'll comment that out.
I'll run npm run dev.
And then we refresh the browsers here.
And if I look at the bootstrap
file now that I'm requiring stuff,
you can see that WebPack is replacing
my required statements with WebPack
require statements and
it's giving a number here.
That is not at all useful to
me when I'm debugging stuff.
I need to know like what is that like,
actually requiring, right?
So, what the path info does is it's
going to give us a little comment,
that will tell us what
that require was for.
So, the reason that WebPack is putting
an ID in here is because as your
application grows you're doing
more important require statements.
That's a lot of strings and
that's potentially a lot of space and so
it's doing an optimization just like,
to reduce the amount of space.
And so that's why you have your
path info and we're using,
if not prod from our FU tales.
And so if you don't provide anything to
if not prod, it defaults to a boolean.
So the path info value is true or false.